WELCOME TO KOH LANTA IRL🗿
Presentation :

A vote is organized every two days on this Discord server, the person receiving the most votes is eliminated from the game.
The objective is to be the last player standing.
Everything is allowed: treachery, alliances, etc., have fun!
Rules :

A vote will be held every 2 days between 6:00 p.m. and 8:59 p.m. The votes cast at 9:00 p.m. will be taken as the final result of the vote. This result will be communicated by Denis Brogniart immediately.

Each player only has one vote.

Denis will regularly check that you are not voting for several people and will, if necessary, cancel the last vote(s) you cast or all of your votes.

If it turns out that at 9:00 p.m., during the counting of votes, a player casts two or more votes, they will all be canceled.

For the result of a vote to be taken into account, the majority of the remaining players must have voted.

In case of a tie, the last eliminated player will have the last word. Voting procedures

The last vote (during the final) is open to all eliminated and lasts from 8:00 a.m. to 8:59 p.m. From the opening of this vote, the finalists are deprived of their right to speak on all the shows.

Once eliminated, people can no longer participate in voting, can no longer interact in the general discussion group, can interact in the eliminated group.
An immunity collar system has been put in place. Here are the rules:
A smiley :collierimmunite: is hidden somewhere on the server, in a discussion accessible to all remaining players, on a date kept secret.
Anyone who finds the :collierimmunite: smiley is urged to click on it as soon as possible. The latter will disappear almost instantly. From now on, you are the (secret) holder of the immunity collar.
The immunity collar is used automatically after a vote in which you are the loser, votes against you are then not counted. This device only works once. You keep the collar as long as it has not been used to protect you from being expelled by a vote.
The immunity collar has no effect in the endgame.

The game master can modify the previous rules at any time, and the game can itself cause you to break these rules, but this will then be indicated to you.

GOOD LUCK